# Setup
This repo contains my filesystem
layout for organizing my various
applications.

Run the init.sh which sets up
git, github, and compiles a
golang binary which further
creates, moves, and configures
files located here. 

# TODOs

## Updating old paths
- [x] Depreciate readme.md project (Remove all of those file from cabon laptop).
- [x] Remove references to projects
- [x] Update notes.md project.
  - [x] Remove accountability.md file.
- [x] Update `.bashrc` file.
- [x] sync both laptops.
- [ ] Make it so that on new terminal or .bashrc execute, that whenever a file is added that isn't in the .gitignore it will add it somehow (make it a golang binary and make it the first binary automatically installed when cloning this repo).

## New Functionality

- [ ] Setup golang binary.
    - [ ] Needs to parse existing repos structure and
      generate a layout.json file.
      - [ ] Needs to extract Github descriptions.
      - [ ] Needs to pull all github repos and place them
        in associated locations.
- [ ] Have the binary import other scripts like the golang-project-starter.
- [ ] Have the binary also update the .bashrc file to echo the most recently activated
  projects and add the project name to path temporarily.
- [ ] Have it open, or create, a tmux session which starts off with a README.md file on the
  left w/ tasks to complete in a jira like way.
- [ ] Have the tasks binary manage other binaries within journal to make sure I do updates
  for exercise, nutrition, etc.
- [ ] Have the binary run in the background and everyday
  at 6:30pm EST pull & push most recent changes to GDrive. Write a changelog entry in my
  personal site.
  or a file syncing service (Github as a last resort).
- [ ] Automatically sync a repo before any of its contents is edited (Perhaps by editing `v` command in `.bashrc` to sync before).
- [ ] Eventually transition to GitLab on a home server.


# Standarized Layout
The following filesystem is to autogenerated from
existing templates. Each grouping of repos is a project.

# DO NOT EDIT - TO BE AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED
---
(Contents of the .md files synced via drive/some sql db/ etc)
* journal/ - Contains journal entries
  * daily/ - Daily musings. 
  * tasks/ - Task/Calendar app. Makes sure I follow up on growth+motivation programs.
  * motivation/ - Pumped-up app to get motivated.
  * growth/ - Life goals/planning
    * exercise/ - exercise routine generator.
    * nutrition/ - nutrition generator.
    * changelog/ - Keep a change log for programming and general life updates.

(Contents synced via Github but eventually done through Gitlab)
* files/ - files I may use repeatedly or link elsewhere.
  * music/ - Files that VLC can playback. I will put my
    own content here, so I'd like to upload encrypted
    files that decrypt on playback. Podcasts and audio
    recordings will be placed here. These are synced with GDrive.
  * documents/ - PDFs of books, slides, etc worthwhile to
    have.
  * pictures/ - Art. Pictures to inspire creativity and
    thought. Only pictures from my camera reel are
    allowed.
  * videos/ - Screen captures and helpful video tutorials for
    crafting. Lectures. Synced with GDrive.

(Contents synced via Github but eventually done through Gitlab)
* repos/ - 
  * go/ - Small and mostly self contained golang related projects.
    * quotes/ - Microlibrary to generate quotes.
  * sites/ - site related projects.
    * personal-site/ - Markdown files and template engine for github.io site.
    * pablothedeveloper.github.io/ - Source file outputs for github.io site.
    * site-generator/ - create new static sites easily.
    ...
  * games/ - love2d games and flash games.
    * flappy-bird/ - Original game but on the web with Web Assembly.
  * learnings/ - 
    * ivep/ - interview prep in case AI takes over my jerb.
    * unversity/ - University-like courses.
  * init-me/ - multi-repo for creating tools.
    * carbon/ - configs for carbon laptop, setup instructions.
    * snapdragon/ - configs for snapdragon laptop, setup instructions.

---

## For Ubuntu w/ Snapdragon arm64
Used init-me project to get git,ssh,github setup

Now need to setup all other programs:

Need to also setup vim as well.

## For Arch w/ x86\_64

### Extra Steps on WSL2
* Run the docker installation
  script


